Slicer-CLI/ACPCTransform 9999: 3D Slicer is an open source software platform for medical image informatics, image processing, and three-dimensional visualization. This package is a live-build which will pull the master branch of the official 3D Slicer repository.
Slicer-CLI/AddScalarVolumes 9999: 3D Slicer is an open source software platform for medical image informatics, image processing, and three-dimensional visualization. This package is a live-build which will pull the master branch of the official 3D Slicer repository.
Slicer-CLI/ExtractSkeleton 9999: 3D Slicer is an open source software platform for medical image informatics, image processing, and three-dimensional visualization. This package is a live-build which will pull the master branch of the official 3D Slicer repository.
Slicer-CLI/ModelMaker 9999: 3D Slicer is an open source software platform for medical image informatics, image processing, and three-dimensional visualization. This package is a live-build which will pull the master branch of the official 3D Slicer repository.
Slicer-CLI/SlicerExecutionModel 1.0.0: Insight Segmentation and Registratio Toolkit for Slicer
dev-python/PythonQt_CTK 3.1: PyhtonQt for CTK
sci-libs/SimpleITK 1.2.4: A layer built on top of the Insight Toolkit (ITK), intended to simplify and facilitate ITK's use in rapid prototyping, education and interpreted languages.
sci-libs/itk 5.3.0: NLM Insight Segmentation and Registration Toolkit
sci-libs/nvidia-ai-annotation-client 9999: Client side integration libraries for AI-Assisted Annotation SDK
sci-libs/vtk 9.1.0: This is the 3D Slicer Visualization Toolkit
sci-libs/vtkAddon 9999: General-purpose features that may be integrated into VTK library in the future.
sci-medical/CTKAppLauncherLib 1.0.0: A set of common support code for medical imaging, surgical navigation, and related purposes
sci-medical/Slicer 9999: 3D Slicer is an open source software platform for medical image informatics, image processing, and three-dimensional visualization. This package is a live-build which will pull the master branch of the official 3D Slicer repository.
sci-medical/ctk 0.1.0: A set of common support code for medical imaging, surgical navigation, and related purposes
sci-medical/elastix 9999: 3D Slicer is an open source software platform for medical image informatics, image processing, and three-dimensional visualization. This package is a live-build which will pull the master branch of the official 3D Slicer repository.
sci-medical/gdcm 2.8.8: Implementation of the DICOM standard
sci-medical/teem 1.12.0: Set of libraries for representing, processing and visualizing scientific raster data. This is the version maintained by and for the 3D Slicer project (https://github.com/Slicer/teem)
x11-libs/gdk-pixbuf 2.42.8: Image loading library for GTK+
